Things are never
gonna be the same now.
I mean, look at this.
- You got aliens.
- Mm.
You got big green guys
tearing down buildings.
When I was a kid, I used to
draw cowboys and Indians.
Um, actually, it's Native
American, but whatever.
Yeah. Tell you what, though.
It ain't bad, is it?
No. Yeah.
Kid's got a future.
Yeah, well...
...we'll see, I guess.
No, hey! Uh-uh!
You can't saw
through that stuff.
These alien bastards are tough.
You gotta use
the stuff they use.
- See? All right.
- All right.
Oh, hey!
Glad you could join us.
Afternoon.
- Yeah. My alarm didn't go off.
- Yeah, your alarm.
Look, just go stack that
armor plating like I asked you.
This is a huge deal for us.
Attention, please!
In accordance with
Executive Order 396B...
...all post-battle cleanup operations
are now under our jurisdiction.
Thank you for your service.
We'll take it from here.
Who the hell are you?
Qualified personnel.
Look, I have a city contract to
salvage all this, okay, with the city, so--
I apologize, Mr. Toomes, but all salvage
operations are now under our jurisdiction.
Please turn over any and all exotic
materials that you've collected...
...or you will be prosecuted.
Ma'am, what am--?
Please. Come here.
Hey, lady, come on.
Look...
...I bought trucks for this job.
I brought in a whole new crew.
These guys have a family.
I have a family.
I'm all in on this.
I could lose my house.
I'm sorry, sir.
There's nothing I can do.
Maybe next time, don't
overextend yourself.
What'd you say?
Yeah.
He's right.
I overextended myself.
- Don't do it.
- Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh.
Put them down.
If you have a grievance, you
may take it up with my superiors.
Your superiors.
Who the hell are they?
A joint venture between
Stark Industries...
...and the federal government...
...the Department of Damage
Control, will oversee the collection...
...and storage of alien
and other exotic materials.
Now the assholes who made
this mess are paid to clean it up.
Yeah, it's all rigged.
Experts estimate there are
over 1500 tons of exotic material...
...scattered throughout
the tri-state area.
Hey, chief!
We have another load from yesterday.
We're supposed
to turn this in, right?
I ain't hauling it.
It's too bad.
We could have made some
cool stuff from all that alien junk.
I tell you what.
Let's keep it.
The world's changing.
It's time we change, too.
♪ Yeah, you got satin shoes ♪
♪ Yeah, you got ♪
♪ Plastic boots ♪
♪ Y'all got cocaine eyes ♪
♪ Yeah, you got
speed-freak jive ♪
There you go, Mason.
♪ Can't you hear me
knocking On your window ♪
Business is good.
Showtime, a-holes!
It will be here any minute.
Which will be its loss.
I thought your thing
was a sword?
We've been hired to stop
an interdimensional beast...
from feeding on those batteries,
and I'm gonna
stop it with a sword?
It's just, swords were your
thing and guns were mine.
But I guess we're both doing guns now.
I just didn't know that.
Drax, why aren't you wearing
one of Rocket's aero-rigs?
It hurts.
It hurts?
I have sensitive nipples.
"My nipples hurt!
Oh, goodness me!"
What about him? What's he doing?
I'm finishing this so we can
listen to tunes while we work.
How is that a priority?
Blame Quill. He's the one
who loves music so much.
No, I actually agree
with Drax on this.
That's hardly
important right now.
Oh, okay. Sure, Quill.
No, seriously, I side with Drax.
No, I understand that.
You're being very serious right now.
I can clearly see you winking.
Damn it. I'm using my left eye?
I am Groot.
They were not
looking at you funny.
Well, that's intense.
Groot!
Groot, get out of the way!
You're gonna get hurt!
Hi.
No! Spit it out!
Come on!
Disgusting!
The beast's hide is too thick
to be pierced from the outside.
I must cut through
it from the inside.
Huh?
No, no! Drax, wait a minute!
Drax!
What is he doing?
He said the skin is too thick to be
pierced from the outside, so he...
That doesn't make any sense!
I tried telling him that!
Skin is the same
level of thickness
from the inside as
from the outside!
I realize that.
There is a cut on its neck.
Rocket, get it to look up.
Hey, you giant Sea-Monkey!
Up here!
Watch it, Quill!
Yes! I have single-handedly...
vanquished the beast!
What?
You got bit by a spider?
Can it bite me?
Well, it probably
would've hurt, right?
Whatever. Even if it did hurt,
I'd let it bite me.
Maybe. How much did it hurt?
The spider's dead, Ned.
Whoa.
You were here?
Yeah.
You could've died.
- Do you lay eggs?
- What?
No. Ha-ha.
- Can you spit venom?
- No.
Can you summon
an army of spiders?
No, Ned.
The Sokovia Accords
were put into place....
How far can you shoot your webs?
It's unknown. Shut up.
to begin regulating....
If I was you, I would
stand on a building...
- ...and just shoot it as far as I could--
- Shut up, Ned.
Hi. I'm Captain America. Whether you're
in the classroom or on the battlefield...
- Do you know him too?
- Yeah, we met.
...fitness can be the difference
between success or failure.
- I stole his shield.
- What?
Today, my good friend,
your gym teacher...
...will conduct the Captain
America Fitness Challenge.
Thank you, Captain.
Pretty sure he's a war criminal,
but I have to show these videos.
It's required by the state.
Let's do it.
- Do Avengers have to pay taxes?
- Shh!
- What does Hulk smell like?
- I bet he smells nice.
- You have to shut up.
Is Captain America cool, or is
he like a mean, old grandpa?
Ned, just, shh, okay?
- Hey, can I be your guy in the chair?
- What?
Yeah. You know how
there's a guy with a headset...
...telling the other
guy where to go?
If you're in a burning building,
I could tell you where to go.
There'd be screens around
me, and I could swivel around.
- I could be your guy in the chair.
- I don't need a guy in the chair.
Looking good, Parker.
Now, see, for me,
it would be F Thor...
...marry Iron Man and kill Hulk.
Well, what about the Spider-Man?
It's just "Spider-Man."
Did you see the bank security cam
on YouTube? He fought off four guys.
Oh, my God, she's
crushing on Spider-Man.
No way.
- Kind of.
- Oh, gross.
- He's probably 30.
- You don't know what he looks like.
Like, what if he's
seriously burned?
I wouldn't care. I'd love him
for the person he is inside.
Peter knows Spider-Man.
No, I don't. No. I-- I mean--
They're friends.
Yeah, like Coach Wilson and
Captain America are friends. Heh.
I've met him, yeah.
A couple times.
But it's, um...
...through the Stark internship.
Yeah, well, I'm not really
supposed to talk about it.
Well, that's awesome.
Hey, you know what?
Maybe you should invite him to Liz's party.
Right?
Yeah, I'm having people over tonight.
You're more than welcome to come.
- Having a party?
- Yeah, it's gonna be dope.
You should totally invite your
personal friend Spider-Man.
- Um....
- It's okay.
I know Peter's way too
busy for parties anyway, so....
Come on. He'll be there.
Right, Parker?
What are you doing?
Helping you out.
Did you not hear her?
Liz has a crush on you.
Dude, you're an Avenger.
If any one of us has a chance
with a senior girl, it's you.
Our mission was
to bring back Klaue.
We failed.
This man is a foreign
intelligence operative.
How do we justify bringing
him into our borders?
He took a bullet for me.
That was his choice.
So now we are just
supposed to let him die?
Let us consider
that we heal him.
It is his duty to report
back to his country.
And as king, it is your
duty to protect ours.
I'm well aware of
my duties, General.
I cannot just let him die...
knowing we can save him.
Where exactly are we taking him?
He will live.
W'Kabi is here.
What's going on, brother?
Where is Klaue?
He's not here.
He slipped through our hands.
"Slipped"?
For 30 years, your father
was in power and did nothing.
With you, I thought
it'd be different.
But it's more of the same.
Leave us!
So your mission did
not go as planned.
What happened to
my uncle N'Jobu?
My father told me
he disappeared.
There was a man today...
wearing a ring
identical to this one.
That is not possible.
He helped Klaue escape from
us and he was wearing this ring!
My grandfather's ring!
Do not tell me what is possible.
Tell me the truth!
Some truths...
are too much to bear, T'Challa.
That is not your choice to make.
What happened to him?
I promised the king
to say nothing.
I am your king now!
Your uncle took...
a War Dog assignment in America.
- Lucky shot!
- That ain't lucky!
Whatever! Get outta here!
Check up.
Pick your man up! He open.
Where you at?
Let's go, let's go, let's go.
Pass! Pass!
- Got you, E.
- E, hurry up!
Watch me get this.
Tim Hardaway style.
That's what I call it, baby.
Come on.
What you got?
You ain't got nothing.
Hey, look, if we
get in and out quick,
won't be no worries.
You in the van, come
in through from the west.
Come around the corner.
Land right here. Mmm-hmm.
Me and the twins are
pulling up right here.
We're leaving this car behind,
okay? We come this...
Hide the straps.
Yo, is it the Feds?
No.
It's these two Grace
Jones-looking chicks.
They're holding spears.
Open it.
You serious?
They won't knock again.
Prince N'Jobu, son of Azzuri.
Leave us.
This is James.
I trust him with my life. He stays...
with your permission,
King T'Chaka.
As you wish.
At ease.
Let me see how
you are holding up.
You look strong.
Glory to Bast,
I am in good health.
How is home?
Not so good.
There has been an attack.
This man...
Ulysses Klaue...
stole a quarter ton
of vibranium from us...
and triggered a bomb
at the border to escape.
Many lives were lost.
He knew where we
hid the vibranium...
and how to strike.
He had someone on the inside.
Why are you here?
Because I want you
to look me in the eyes...
and tell me why you
betrayed Wakanda.
I did no such thing.
Zuri, son of Badu...
What?
James. James, you lied to me?
Leave him.
You were Wakandan
this whole time?
You betrayed Wakanda!
How could you lie to me like...
Stand down.
Your father...
placed me there...
to observe...
unbeknownst to him.
Your uncle fell in love
with an American woman.
They had a child.
The hardships he saw there...
radicalized your uncle.
I observed for
as long as I could.
Their leaders have
been assassinated.
Communities flooded
with drugs and weapons.
They are overly
policed and incarcerated.
All over the planet...
our people suffer because
they don't have the
tools to fight back.
With vibranium weapons,
they could overthrow
every country...
and Wakanda could rule them all
the right way.
He knew your father
would not support this.
So, your uncle betrayed us.
No!
He helped Klaue
steal the vibranium.
No, no, no.
You will return home at once...
where you will
face the Council...
and inform them of your crimes.
He drew his weapon on me.
No!
Your father killed
his own brother...
to save my life.
Speak nothing of this.
And the child?
We left him.
Check up!
Guard your man, guard your man!
Yo.
We had to...
maintain...
the lie.
What is this?
Just a little gift.
What are they called again?
Anulax batteries.
Harbulary batteries.
That's nothing
like what I just said.
But they're worth
thousands of units apiece...
which is why the Sovereign
hired us to protect them.
Careful what you say around these folks.
They're easily offended.
The cost of
transgression is death.
We thank you, Guardians,
for putting your
lives on the line.
We could not risk the lives
of our own Sovereign citizens.
Every citizen is born exactly
as designed by the community.
Impeccable, both
physically and mentally.
We control the DNA
of our progeny...
germinating them
in birthing pods.
I guess I prefer to make
people the old-fashioned way.
Perhaps someday, you could
give me a history lesson...
in the archaic ways
of our ancestors.
For academic purposes.
I would be honored, yes.
In the name of research...
I think that could
be pretty, uh...
repulsive.
I'm not into that
kind of casual...
Oh, please.
Your people promised something
in exchange for our services.
Bring it...
and we shall gladly
be on our way.
Family reunion. Yay.
I understand she is your sister.
She's worth no more to me than
the bounty due for her on Xandar.
Our soldiers apprehended her
attempting to steal the batteries.
Do with her as you please.
We thank you,
High Priestess Ayesha.
What is your heritage,
Mr. Quill?
My mother is from Earth.
And your father?
He ain't from Missouri.
That's all I know.
I see it within you.
An unorthodox genealogy.
A hybrid that
seems particularly...
reckless.
You know, they told me you
people were conceited douchebags...
but that isn't true at all.
Oh, shit.
I'm using my wrong
eye again, aren't I?
I'm sorry. That was meant
to be behind your back.
Count yourself blessed
they didn't kill you.
You're telling me.
You wanna buy some batteries?
All right, let's get
baldy to Xandar
and collect that bounty.
That stuff about my father...
Who does she think she is?
I know you're
sensitive about that.
I'm not sensitive about it.
I just don't know who he is.
Sorry if it seemed like I was
flirting with the High Priestess.
I wasn't.
I don't care if you were.
Well, I feel like you do care.
That's why I'm apologizing.
So, sorry!
Gamora is not the
one for you, Quill.
Damn shadow.
There are two types of
beings in the universe...
those who dance,
and those who do not.
Mmm-hmm.
I first met my
beloved at a war rally.
Oh, God.
Everyone in the village
flailed about, dancing.
Except one woman.
My Ovette.
I knew immediately
she was the one for me.
The most melodic song in
the world could be playing.
She wouldn't even tap her foot.
Wouldn't move a muscle.
One might assume she was dead.
That does sound pretty hot.
It would make my
nether regions engorge.
Okay. I get it, yes.
I'm a dancer, Gamora is not.
You just need to find a woman
who is pathetic... like you.
Mmm.
I'm hungry. Hand me
some of that yaro root.
No. It's not ripe yet...
and I hate you.
You hate me?
You left me there while you
stole that stone for yourself.
And yet here you stand, a hero.
I will be free of these shackles
soon enough,
and I will kill you.
I swear.
No.
You're gonna live out
the rest of your days
in a prison on Xandar...
wishing you could.
House party in the suburbs.
Oh, I remember these.
Kind of jealous.
It'll be a night to remember.
Ned, some hats wear men.
You wear that hat.
Yeah, it gives me confidence.
This is a mistake.
Hey, let's just go home.
Oh, Peter.
I know.
I know it's really hard...
...trying to fit in with all the
changes your body's going through.
It's flowering now.
Uh-huh. Heh, heh.
He's so stressed out lately.
What helps with
stress is a party.
- We should go to the party.
- Yeah, let's do it. I'm gonna go.
Peter.
- Have fun, okay?
- I will.
Bye, May.
Come dance with me!
Dude, you have the suit, right?
- Yeah.
- This is gonna change our lives.
- Annie, over here!
- Hey.
Hey.
DJ Flash.
Okay.
We're gonna have Spider-Man swing in...
...say you guys are tight, and I get a
fist bump or one of those half bro-hugs.
Can't believe you're
at this lame party.
But you're here too.
Am I?
Oh, my gosh. Hey, guys.
Cool hat, Ned.
- Hi, Liz.
I'm so happy you guys came.
There's pizza and drinks.
Help yourself.
- What a great party.
- Thanks.
Oh, I--
My parents will kill me if
anything's broken. I gotta--
- Yeah.
- Have fun.
- Bye.
Dude, what are you doing?
She's here. Spider it up.
No, no, no.
I can't-- I cannot do this.
Spider-Man is not
a party trick, okay?
Look, I'm just gonna be myself.
Peter, no one wants that.
Dude.
Penis Parker, what's up?
So where's your pal Spider-Man?
Let me guess: In Canada
with your imaginary girlfriend?
That's not Spider-Man.
That's just Ned in a red shirt.
"Hey, what's up? I'm Spider-Man."
"Just thought I'd swing by and
say hello to my buddy Peter."
"Oh, what's up, Ned?
Hey, where's Peter, anyways?"
"He must be around...."
God, this is stupid.
What am I doing?
What the hell?
Whoo! Unh!
This sucks.
Whoo! Ha-ha-ha.
Now, this is crafted from a reclaimed
sub-Ultron arm straight from Sokovia.
Here. You try.
I wanted something low-key.
Why are you trying to upsell me, man?
Okay, okay.
I got what you need, all right?
I got tons of great stuff here.
One sec.
Okay, I got, uh, black-hole
grenades, Chitauri railguns....
You letting off shots in public now?
Hurry up.
Look, times are changing. We're the
only ones selling these high-tech weapons.
Oh, this must be where the
ATM robbers got their stuff.
I need something to stick up somebody.
I'm not trying to shoot them back in time.
I got antigrav climbers.
Yo, climbers?
Okay, what the hell is that?
- Did you set us up?
- Hey, hey, man.
Hey! Hey, come on.
You gonna shoot at somebody, shoot at me.
All right.
Unh!
Aah! Aah!
What was that?
Oh, no, no! Unh!
What--? Aah!
- We gotta call him.
- No, no, no.
Aah! Unh!
Did you just do it again?
- Shut up.
- I'm calling him.
Toomes' phone.
Boss.
Oh, my butt! Unh!
Great.
Guess I'm gonna have to take a shortcut.
Hey, guys. Good game. Have fun.
Hey, hey, buddy.
Sorry, no time to play.
Here, go fetch.
Whoo! Now, this is more like it.
Whoa!
Whoa! Whoo! Whoo!
Smells really good.
♪ Oh, yeah ♪♪
Great movie!
Ugh.... Oh, hey, guys.
- Aah!
- No! No!
Hey, it's Peter.
Leave a message.
Peter, where are you?
The hat's not working.
This is not cool.
Almost got you.
Thought you got away
from me, didn't you?
I got you right
where I want you.
Surprise!
What the hell?
Huh?
Oh, hey.
All right, where am I?
Don't scare me
like that, colonizer!
What? My name is Everett.
Yes, I know. Everett Ross...
former air force
pilot and now CIA.
Right.
Okay, is this Wakanda?
No, it's Kansas.
How long ago was Korea?
Yesterday.
I don't think so.
Bullet wounds don't just
magically heal overnight.
They do here.
But not by magic, by technology.
Don't touch anything.
My brother will return soon.
These train things...
that's magnetic
levitation, right?
Obviously.
Obviously, but I've
never seen it this efficient.
The light panels, what are they?
Sonic stabilizers. Sonic what?
In its raw form...
vibranium is too dangerous
to be transported
at that speed...
so I developed a way to
temporarily deactivate it.
There's vibranium
on those trains?
There's vibranium all around us.
That's how I healed you.
Where is T'Challa?
His Kimoyo Beads
have been switched off.
Well, we are not
joined at the hip, Okoye.
A man showed up at the border
who claims to have killed Klaue.
What?
W'Kabi is transporting him,
as we speak, to the palace.
We need to find your brother!
An outsider?
No, a Wakandan.
He's not a Wakandan.
He's one of ours.
He killed his own brother...
and left a child behind...
with nothing.
What kind of king...
What kind of man does that?
No man is perfect.
Not even your father.
He didn't even give
him a proper burial.
My uncle N'Jobu
betrayed us, but my father...
he may have created
something even worse.
Hey.
Look at me.
You can't let your father's
mistakes define who you are.
You get to decide what kind
of king you are going to be.
Brother, you need
to get here now!
Erik Stevens.
Graduated Annapolis age 19...
MIT for grad school.
Joined the SEALs and
went straight to Afghanistan...
where he wrapped
up confirmed kills,
like it was a video game.
Started calling him Killmonger.
He joined a JSOC ghost unit.
Now these guys are serious.
They will drop off the grid...
so they can commit
assassinations
and take down governments.
Did he reveal anything
about his identity?
He has a War Dog tattoo...
but we have no record of him.
Is this man Wakandan or not?
Speak.
I'm standing in your house...
serving justice to a man
who stole your vibranium
and murdered your people.
Justice your king
couldn't deliver.
I don't care that
you brought Klaue.
Only reason I don't
kill you where you stand
is because I know who you are.
Now, what do you want?
I want the throne.
Y'all sittin' up
here comfortable.
Must feel good.
It's about two billion people
all over the world
that looks like us.
But their lives
are a lot harder.
Wakanda has the tools
to liberate 'em all.
And what tools are those?
Vibranium. Your weapons.
Our weapons will not be used
to wage war on the world.
It is not our way to be judge,
jury, and executioner...
for people who are not our own.
Not your own?
But didn't life start right
here on this continent?
So ain't all people your people?
I am not king of all people.
I am king of Wakanda.
And it is my responsibility
to make sure our
people are safe...
and that vibranium does not fall
into the hands of
a person like you.
- Mmm...
- Son.
We have entertained
this charlatan for too long.
Reject his request.
Oh, I ain't requesting nothing.
Ask who I am.
You're Erik Stevens.
An American black operative.
A mercenary
nicknamed Killmonger.
That's who you are.
That's not my name, Princess.
Ask me, King.
No.
Ask me.
Take him away.
I found my daddy
with Panther claws in his chest!
You ain't the son of a king.
You a son of a murderer.
- Lies!
- I'm afraid not, Queen Mother.
What?
Hey, Auntie.
I'm exercising my blood right
to challenge for
the mantles of king...
and Black Panther.
Do not do this, T'Challa.
As the son of Prince N'Jobu,
he is within his rights.
He has no rights here!
The challenge will
take weeks to prepare.
Weeks? I don't need weeks.
The whole country ain't gotta
be there. I just need him.
And somebody to get
me outta these chains.
T'Challa, what do
you know of this?
I accept your challenge.
This is weird.
We've got a Sovereign fleet
approaching from the rear.
Why would they do that?
Probably because Rocket
stole some of their batteries.
Dude!
Right.
He didn't steal some of those.
I don't know why they're after us.
What a mystery this is.
What were you thinking?
Dude, they were
really easy to steal!
That's your defense? Come on!
You saw how that High Priestess
talked down to us.
Now I'm teaching her a lesson!
Oh, I didn't realize your
motivation was altruism.
It's really a shame
the Sovereign have
mistaken your intentions...
- and they're trying to kill us.
- Exactly!
I was being sarcastic!
Oh, no!
You're supposed to
use a sarcastic voice!
Now I look foolish!
Can we put the
bickering on hold...
until after we survive
this massive space battle?
- More incoming!
- Good!
I wanna kill some guys!
You're not killing anyone.
All those ships are
remotely piloted.
Damn it!
What is the delay, Admiral?
High Priestess, the batteries,
they are exceptionally combustible...
and could destroy
the entire fleet.
Our concern is their
slight against our people.
We hired them and
they steal from us.
It is heresy of
the highest order.
All command modules...
fire with the intent to kill.
What's the nearest
habitable planet?
It's called Berhert.
How many jumps? Only one.
But the access point
is 47 clicks away.
And you have to go through
that quantum asteroid field.
Quill, to make
it through that...
you'd have to be the
greatest pilot in the universe.
Lucky for us, I...
I am.
What are you doing?
I've been flying this rig
since I was 10 years old.
I was cybernetically
engineered to pilot a spacecraft.
You were cybernetically
engineered to be a douchebag!
Stop it.
Later on tonight, you're gonna
be laying down in your bed...
and there's gonna be something
squishy in your pillow case.
And you're gonna
be like, "What's this?"
And it's gonna be
because I put a turd in there!
You put your turd in
my bed, I shave you.
Oh, it won't be my turd.
It will be Drax's.
I have famously huge turds.
We're about to die, and
this is what we're discussing?
Son of a...
Dude! Seriously!
Hey! Let me...
Idiots!
Well, that's what you get
when Quill flies.
Ow!
We still have a
Sovereign craft behind us.
Our weapons are down.
20 clicks to the jump!
Hold on.
It's not ripe.
Come on, Zylak. You can do this.
Yes!
15 clicks to the jump!
Come on!
Keep going!
10 clicks!
Die, spaceship!
You suck, Zylak.
Typical.
Five clicks!
Son of a...
They went around the field!
Someone destroyed all our ships!
What?
Who?
One click!
What is that? Who cares?
That's the jump point! Go!
It's a guy.
Oh, my God.
He's still out there?
Groot, put your seatbelt on!
Prepare for a
really bad landing!
That was awesome!
Yes!
And then he just, like,
swooped down like a monster...
...and picked me up, and took me up
like a thousand feet and just dropped me.
How'd you find me?
Did you put a tracker in my suit?
I put everything in your suit.
Including this heater.
Whoa!
Whew, that's better. Thanks.
What were you thinking?
The guy with wings is the source of
the weapons. I gotta take him down.
Take him down now, huh?
Steady, Crockett, there are people
who handle this sort of thing.
- The Avengers?
- No. This is a little below their pay grade.
Mr.
Stark, you didn't have to come out here.
I had that. I was fine.
Oh, I'm not here.
Thank God this
place has Wi-Fi...
...or you would
be toast right now.
Thank Ganesh while you're at it.
Cheers.
Look, forget the flying
vulture guy, please.
- Why?
Because I said so!
Sorry, I'm talking
to a teenager.
Stay close to the ground.
Build up your game helping little people
like that lady that
bought you the churro.
Can't you just be a friendly...
...neighborhood Spider-Man?
But I'm ready for
more than that now.
No, you're not.
That's not what you thought
when I took on Captain America.
Trust me, kid.
If Cap wanted to lay you out, he would've.
Listen to me. If you come across
these weapons again, call Happy.
Are you driving?
You know, it's never too early
to start thinking about college.
I got some pull at MIT.
End call.
No, I don't need to go to--
Mr. Stark is no longer connected.
That's awesome.
"Stay close to the ground"?
What is he talking about?
Whoa.
Hey, what's up?
I'm on my way back.
Actually, I was calling to say
maybe you shouldn't come. Listen.
When I say "penis,"
you say "Parker."
- Penis!
- Parker!
Sorry, Peter.
I guess we're still losers.
- I'll see you tomorrow.
- I'll see you tomorrow in school.
Whoa.
Whoa, whoa.
Idiots.
Idiots!
Boss?
Your wife keeps texting you.
Something about a brake light.
What'd I tell you about
looking at my phone?
Oh. Sorry. You left it out.
You know I'm a curious
person by nature.
I finished designing that
high-altitude vacuum seal.
Huh?
In case you want to, you
know, go for the big one?
You're still on that?
I told you, no.
The answer's no. Forget it.
Ha-ha-ha! Whoo!
Ha-ha.
I mean, that was badass. Ha.
How many times have I told you
not to fire them out in the open?
- You said, move the merchandise.
- Under the radar.
Under the radar!
That's how we survive.
If you bring Damage Control or the
Avengers down here, we're through.
You're out there wearing that
goofy thing, lighting up cars...
...calling yourself the Shocker.
"I'm the Shocker. I shock people."
What is this, pro wrestling?
Ah, whatever, old man. Come on.
Look.
I know you don't give
a crap about anything.
But I do.
I built this whole place because
I got people I have to look after.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know what?
I can't afford your bullshit.
- Get out of here.
- What?
- You're done. You're off the crew.
- Yeah, all right.
All right. Heh.
Wonder if you can afford
me out there, though, right?
With everything I know.
- Excuse me?
- Uh, I'm just saying...
...maybe your wife would like to know
where you really get your money from.
- You know what?
- What?
You're right.
- That work?
- I don't know.
I can't afford that.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait.
Damn.
- I thought this was the antigravity gun.
- What?
No, that's that one.
Here.
Now you're the Shocker.
Go out there and find that weapon he lost.
All right.
Look at this!
Where is the other
half of our ship?
My ship.
Either one of you
could have gotten us
through that field...
had you flown with
what's between your ears
instead of what's
between your legs!
If what's between my
legs had a hand on it...
I guarantee I could have
landed this ship with it.
Peter, we almost died
because of your arrogance.
More like because he stole...
the Anulax batteries!
They're called
Harbulary batteries.
No, they're not!
Do you know why I did it, Star-Munch?
Hmm?
I'm not gonna answer
to "Star-Munch."
I did it because I wanted to!
Dick.
What are we even
talking about this for?
We just had a little man save
us by blowing up 50 ships!
How little?
Well, I don't know, like this?
A little one-inch man saved us?
Well, if he got closer,
I'm sure he would be much larger.
That's how eyesight works,
you stupid raccoon.
Don't call me a raccoon!
I'm sorry. I took it too far.
I meant trash panda.
Is that better?
I don't know.
It's worse. It's so much worse.
You son of a...
Hey!
- I've had it with you!
- No! Back up!
Someone followed you
through the jump point.
Set me free, you'll
need my help.
I'm not a fool, Nebula.
You are a fool if you deprive
yourself a hand in combat.
You'll attack me the
moment I let you go.
No, I won't.
You'd think an evil supervillain
would learn how to properly lie.
I bet it's the one-inch man.
After all these years,
I've found you.
And who the hell are you?
I figured my rugged good looks
would make that obvious.
My name is Ego...
and I'm your dad, Peter.
He'll never beat T'Challa.
He should've just come
to the first challenge
and gotten it over with.
The king will now
have the strength
of the Black Panther
stripped away.
Where is Agent Ross?
I locked him in the office.
He's not going anywhere.
This is your last chance.
Throw down your weapons,
and we can handle
this another way.
I lived my entire life
waitin' for this moment.
I trained, I lied, I killed...
just to get here.
I killed in America,
Afghanistan...
Iraq.
I took life from my
own brothers and sisters
right here on this continent.
And all this death...
just so I could kill you.
Let the challenge begin.
Yield!
Snap out of it, T'Challa!
Come on, get up.
Come here.
This is for my father.
Erik!
Zuri, no. Stop!
Zuri! Zuri, don't!
I am the cause of
your father's death.
Not him.
Take me.
I'll take you both, Uncle James.
No!
No! No!
Zuri, no!
No!
No! No! Zuri! Zuri!
No! No!
Is this your king? Huh?
Is this your king?
The Black Panther,
who's supposed to
lead you into the future?
Come on, Brother!
Is there nothing
that can be done?
Him?
He's supposed to protect you?
No. No!
No!
Nah. I'm your king.
- No! No!
- We have to go now!
Queen Mother, let's go!